#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via edx-tincan-py35
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bleach==5.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
celery==5.2.7
    # via edx-enterprise
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-toggles
cryptography==36.0.2
    # via
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   tableauserverclient
django==3.2.13
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
django-cache-memoize==0.1.10
    # via edx-enterprise
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via edx-enterprise
django-countries==7.3.2
    # via edx-enterprise
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via edx-enterprise
django-filter==22.1
    # via edx-enterprise
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via edx-enterprise
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
django-multi-email-field==0.6.2
    # via edx-enterprise
django-object-actions==4.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-enterprise
django-waffle==2.5.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.1
    # via
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
edx-enterprise==3.51.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-rbac==1.7.0
    # via edx-enterprise
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via edx-enterprise
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
edx-toggles==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
future==0.18.2
    # via pyjwkest
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via code-annotations
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via edx-enterprise
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-enterprise
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
newrelic==7.12.0.176
    # via edx-django-utils
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
path==16.4.0
    # via path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via edx-enterprise
pbr==5.9.0
    # via stevedore
pillow==9.1.1
    # via edx-enterprise
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via click-repl
psutil==5.9.1
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.14.1
    # via
    #   pyjwkest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pymongo==3.12.3
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
python-slugify==6.1.2
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-tincan-py35
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0
    # via code-annotations
requests==2.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   slumber
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tableauserverclient
rules==3.3
    # via edx-enterprise
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowflake-connector-python==2.7.8
    # via edx-enterprise
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tableauserverclient==0.19.0
    # via edx-enterprise
testfixtures==6.18.5
    # via edx-enterprise
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via django-countries
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via edx-enterprise
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
