#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-tincan-py35
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
astroid==2.11.7
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   readme-renderer
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
coverage[toml]==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==36.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
ddt==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   tableauserverclient
dill==0.3.5.1
    # via pylint
django==3.2.15
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
django-cache-memoize==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-countries==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-filter==22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
django-multi-email-field==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-object-actions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-waffle==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
docutils==0.19
    # via readme-renderer
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
edx-enterprise==3.55.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.2.4
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-rbac==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-toggles==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==13.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   twine
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
keyring==23.7.0
    # via twine
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via astroid
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
newrelic==7.16.0.178
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
path==16.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
pbr==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
pkginfo==1.8.3
    # via twine
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pycodestyle==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pylint==2.14.5
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   faker
python-slugify==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-tincan-py35
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
readme-renderer==35.0
    # via twine
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   slumber
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tableauserverclient
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==12.5.1
    # via twine
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-rbac
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
snowflake-connector-python==2.7.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tableauserverclient==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
testfixtures==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.11.1
    # via pylint
twine==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
    #   django-countries
    #   pylint
    #   rich
    #   snowflake-connector-python
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   twine
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via astroid
zipp==3.8.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
