#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-tincan-py35
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-countries
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pgpy
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
ddt==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jwcrypto
distro==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openai
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
django-cache-memoize==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-config-models==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-fernet-fields-v2==0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-filter==23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-ipware==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
django-multi-email-field==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-oauth-toolkit==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-object-actions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-braze-client==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-django-utils==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rbac
edx-enterprise==4.8.10
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-opaque-keys
edx-rbac==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-toggles==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==20.1.0
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openai
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
jwcrypto==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
openai==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pytest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
path==16.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pgpy==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pgpy
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   faker
python-ipware==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ipware
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-tincan-py35
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   slumber
    #   snowflake-connector-python
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
snowflake-connector-python==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   annotated-types
    #   asgiref
    #   django-countries
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   kombu
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   deprecated
